README.md, before:

Application to perform the SAML single sing-on and easily retrieve the
`SVPNCOOKIE` needed by `openfortivpn`.

The application will simply open the SAML page to let you sign in.
As soon as the `SVPNCOOKIE` is set, the application will print it to
stdout and exit.


## How to build

The project requires the Qt framework to be installed and it has
been tested with Qt 5.12.2.

To build the application, go to the root of the project and run:
```shell
qmake .
# There should now be a Makefile if qmake has succeded
make
```

The above should generate the `openfortivpn-webview` executable.


## Usage

Obtain `SVPNCOOKIE` for host `vpn-gateway`:
```sh
openfortivpn-webview vpn-gateway
```

You can also specify an authentication realm (normally not required):
```sh
openfortivpn-webview vpn-gateway:1234 --realm=foo
```

By default the application builds the SAML URL using the given host,
port and realm. You can alternatively provide an already built URL:

```sh
openfortivpn-webview --url 'https://vpn-gateway:1234/remote/saml/start?realm=foo'
```

The application exits automatically as soon as it prints `SVPNCOOKIE` to
stdout. You can change this behavior passing `--keep-open`. The application
will in this case stay open and keep printing `SVPNCOOKIE` as its value
changes, thus generating a stream of text.

The application does not print `SVPNCOOKIE` until it finds a URL matching
the regular expression passed to `--url-regex`. If no regular expression
is specified, the application will look for URLs containing `/sslvpn/portal.html`.
Waiting for such URL allows to deal with concurrent VPN sessions when the
gateway is configured to allow a single active session.

Do note that the inner Chromium engine may print a lot of messages. If you want
to see only the messages of the application, set the `QT_LOGGING_RULES` and
`QTWEBENGINE_CHROMIUM_FLAGS` env variables:
```
QT_LOGGING_RULES="*=false;webview=true" QTWEBENGINE_CHROMIUM_FLAGS="--enable-logging --log-level=3" ./openfortivpn-webview vpn-gateway
```
This is useful when trying to find out the proper value for `--url-regex`.

Commit message:

Add an implementation based on Electron
I'm having trouble with Cisco Duo, which all of the sudden has
started erroring out. Electron seems to work just fine.

README.md, after:

Application to perform the SAML single sing-on and easily retrieve the
`SVPNCOOKIE` needed by `openfortivpn`.

The application will simply open the SAML page to let you sign in.
As soon as the `SVPNCOOKIE` is set, the application will print it to
stdout and exit.

The application comes in two flavors:
 - [openfortivpn-webview-qt](openfortivpn-webview-qt/)
 - [openfortivpn-webview-electron](openfortivpn-webview-electron/)

They should be equivalent, but `openfortivpn-webview-qt` may have
some issues with some SAML providers.


## Usage

Obtain `SVPNCOOKIE` for host `vpn-gateway`:
```sh
openfortivpn-webview vpn-gateway
```

You can also specify an authentication realm (normally not required):
```sh
openfortivpn-webview vpn-gateway:1234 --realm=foo
```

By default the application builds the SAML URL using the given host,
port and realm. You can alternatively provide an already built URL:

```sh
openfortivpn-webview --url 'https://vpn-gateway:1234/remote/saml/start?realm=foo'
```

The application exits automatically as soon as it prints `SVPNCOOKIE` to
stdout. You can change this behavior passing `--keep-open`. The application
will in this case stay open and keep printing `SVPNCOOKIE` as its value
changes, thus generating a stream of text.

The application does not print `SVPNCOOKIE` until it finds a URL matching
the regular expression passed to `--url-regex`. If no regular expression
is specified, the application will look for URLs containing `/sslvpn/portal.html`.
Waiting for such URL allows to deal with concurrent VPN sessions when the
gateway is configured to allow a single active session.


The inner Chromium engine may print a lot of messages. You can disable them
to only see the messages of the application.

```sh
# If you use the Qt variant
QT_LOGGING_RULES="*=false;webview=true" QTWEBENGINE_CHROMIUM_FLAGS="--enable-logging --log-level=3" openfortivpn-webview vpn-gateway

# If you use the Electron variant
openfortivpn-webview --enable-logging --log-level=3 vpn-gateway
```
